Create rule S6847 (#3436)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6847/javascript/rule.adoc

> Non-interactive HTML elements, such as divs and spans, are not designed to have event handlers. When these elements are given event handlers, it can lead to accessibility issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-interactive HTML elements, such as ``++<div>++`` and ``++<span>++``, are not designed to have event handlers. When these elements are given event handlers, it can lead to accessibility issues.
```

Attaching event handlers to non-interactive HTML elements can lead to significant accessibility issues. These elements, such as divs and spans, are not designed to interact with assistive technologies like screen readers, making it difficult for users with disabilities to navigate and interact with the website. Additionally, these elements may not be focusable or provide visual feedback when interacted with, resulting in a confusing and potentially frustrating user experience. Therefore, to maintain an accessible and user-friendly website, event handlers should be used exclusively with interactive elements.

== How to fix it
//== How to fix it in FRAMEWORK NAME

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,text,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
<li onClick={() => void 0} />
<div onClick={() => void 0} role="listitem" />
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,text,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
<div onClick={() => void 0} role="button" />
<div onClick={() => void 0} role="presentation" />
<input type="text" onClick={() => void 0} /> // Interactive element does not require role.
<button onClick={() => void 0} className="foo" /> // button is interactive.

> <div onClick={() => void 0} role="button" aria-hidden /> // This is hidden from screenreader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div onClick={() => void 0} role="button" aria-hidden /> // This is hidden from the screenreader.
```

> <Input onClick={() => void 0} type="hidden" /> // This is a higher-level DOM component

Reviewer: what does `higher-level DOM element` mean?

Reviewer 2: Input is uppercase, so it's not html element, but react component

> ----

Reviewer: Could you add a sentence after line 7 on "how to fix it", like: `Remove the event handler or assign a valid ARIA role`
